Update dev doc section and add search (#4907)
owncloud/docs: docs/build-the-docs.md

Note that you may need changes and testing in more than one component like `docs` or `docs-ocis` to get a correct final result.

**IMPORTANT**

> Though components get sourced locally when running `yarn antora-dev-xxx`, some content will still get pulled from external sources when defined in a page. This means, that for development, you still must have, like when doing normals builds, an internet connection. If an internet connection is not present, errors will be thrown and the build stops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Though components get sourced locally when running `yarn antora-dev-xxx`, some content will still get pulled from external sources when defined in a page. This means that, for development, you still must have an internet connection, like when doing normal builds. If an internet connection is not present, errors will be thrown and the build stops.
```

## Using Search in Production or Development

> The search bar is the component on the top right of the documentation where one can enter a term and gets matches if something is found as suggestion that can be clicked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The search bar is the component on the top right of the documentation where one can enter a term and get matches. If something is found, the matches are displayed as suggestions that can be clicked.
```

> For "nomal" changes, search is not necessary and may only complicate building commands and delay building times. To use the search functionality during production or development, see [Prepared Yarn Commands](#prepared-yarn-commands) for details, some prerequisites apply. This is not only true for changes in the documentation, but also for UI changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For "normal" changes, search is not necessary and may only complicate building commands and delay building times. To use the search functionality during production or development, see [Prepared Yarn Commands](#prepared-yarn-commands) for details, some prerequisites apply. This is not only true for changes in the documentation, but also for UI changes.
```

Note that ownCloud currently uses Elasticsearch version 7.x. All internal scripts and builds are therefore aligned to it and *must not* be changed, though you can use any latest minor/patch release.

> Take the following procedure to show and use search respectively populate an index:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow this procedure to show and use search and populate an index:
```

> 1. Create an `es-docker-compose.yml` file with the following content. Note that no security or passwords is needed to be setup as it is only used locally:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create an `es-docker-compose.yml` file with the following content. Note that no security or passwords is needed to be set up as it is only used locally:
```

          - xpack.security.enabled=false
    ```

2. Start the container with the `up -d` command, use `down` to stop it.

    ```
    docker compose -f es-docker-compose.yml up -d
    ```

3. To avoid a CORS Policy error, the browser must be prepared to allow access to the local Elasticsearch container. If this is not prepared, no search is possible and the browser console will return the following error:
    ```
    Access to XMLHttpRequest at 'http://localhost:9200/' from origin 'http://localhost:8080' has been blocked by CORS policy: No 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' header is present on the requested resource.
    ```
    There are several ways to fix this, only one is shown when using Chrome browsers. Install the plugin named [Allow CORS: Access-Control-Allow-Origin](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lhobafahddgcelffkeicbaginigeejlf).

4. When building docs, the following environment variables must be added to the build process. Note that you can use any `yarn antora-xxx` command:
    ```
    UPDATE_SEARCH_INDEX=true \
    ELASTICSEARCH_NODE=http://localhost:9200 \
    ELASTICSEARCH_INDEX=docs \
    ELASTICSEARCH_WRITE_AUTH=x:y \
    yarn antora-dev-local
    ```

>     Note that `ELASTICSEARCH_WRITE_AUTH` is necessary for building though it does not do any authentication. A value for that envvar must not be omitted but can be any dummy as you like in the format of at minimum two characters separated by a colon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note that `ELASTICSEARCH_WRITE_AUTH` is necessary for building though it does not do any authentication. A value for that envvar must not be omitted but can be any dummy value you like in the format of at minimum two characters separated by a colon.
```

    elastic: remove old search index
    elastic: create empty search index
    elastic: upload search index
    ```

5. Optionally, the status of Elasticsearch can be monitored:  
   `http://localhost:9200/_cat/indices?v=`
   ```
   green  open .geoip_databases Ygj4WI-STGmJrSeCfep7Tg 1 0  41 0 38.3mb 38.3mb
   yellow open docs             oag2dCMnS4CiSXX0Ul8plA 1 1 163 0  1.4mb  1.4mb
   ```
   To make a dummy query after the index has been created, type the following as URL in the browser and replace `term` with what you want to search for:
   `http://localhost:9200/_search?q=term`
   ```
   {"took":45,"timed_out":false,"_shards":{"total":1,"successful":1,"skipped":0,"failed":0}, ...
   ```

6. To view the build result either with `yarn serve` (Antora build) or `yarn preview` (UI build) run:
    ```
    ELASTICSEARCH_NODE=http://localhost:9200 \
    ELASTICSEARCH_INDEX=docs \
    ELASTICSEARCH_READ_AUTH=x:y \
    yarn serve
    ```

    Note that for `ELASTICSEARCH_READ_AUTH`, the same applies as for `ELASTICSEARCH_WRITE_AUTH`.

7. Open the build via the browser and enter any search term as required into the search field to see matches returned.

> 8. Note that building against ownClouds hosted ElasticSearch is not possible locally though you can use it for previewing the build. To do so, type the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Note that building against ownCloud's hosted ElasticSearch is not possible locally though you can use it for previewing the build. To do so, type the following:
```

> 8. Note that building against ownCloud's hosted ElasticSearch is not possible locally though you can use it for previewing the build. To do so, type the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
8. Note that building against ownCloud's hosted Elasticsearch is not possible locally though you can use it for previewing the build. To do so, type the following:
```
